Color Algo process:




An outfit is composed of 3 components, each can contain multiple layers.
1. Top layer: this layer is what will be worn on the torso, it can be composed of 3 layers containing items such as:
   1. T-shirt (can only be worn on layer 1 - as nothing can be worn underneath it)
   2. Shirt  (can only be worn on layer 1 or 2)
   3. Sweater/Hoodie (can only be worn on layer 2 - assuming a tshirt or shirt will be worn underneath) 
   4. Jacket (can only be worn on layers 2 or 3)
2. Bottom layer: this layer is what will be worn on the legs, it can be composed of only 1 layer containing items such as:
   1. Pants
   2. Shorts 
3. Shoes Layer: this layer is what will be worn on the feet, it can be composed of only 1 layer containing the shoe item


This algorithm only takes into account monochrome outfits (outfits of different shades of the same color)


1. Determine how many layers is needed for the top of the outfit based on temperature:
   1. if temp is above 24 c (75 f), use only one layer
      1. unless weatherType = rain or windspeed is above 10 mph
         1. Then use two layers, ensuring the second layer is water/wind resistant
   2. if ( 12 c (54 f) < temp < 24 c (75 f)) : wear 2 layers
      1. If weatherType = rain or windspeed is above 10 mph
         1. ensure the second layer is water/wind resistant
   3. If temp is below 12 c (54 f): wear 3 layers
      1. If weatherType = rain or windspeed is above 10 mph
         1. ensure the third layer is water/wind resistant

	NOTE: Users will be able to adjust the weather and windspeed limits in the settings if the default ones are not calibrated to their taste.

2. Choose outfit items:
   1. Start with top layer from top
      1. Select an item at random for that layer. 
         1. Extract its color information from the DB 
            1. Base color X = Hue, Saturation, Luminescence 
            2. This item’s color is now the base color, we will build the outfit around this color. 
               1. If the color of the item is black or white, do not set this as a base color, move on to the next item and determine a base color, repeat this process until a base color is chosen
            3. Now we must choose items for the outfit that match the same hue of this item.


   2. Move to top (only) layer from bottom
      1. If base color is defined, choose an item for this layer that has a similar hue to the base color X
         1. Else, choose an item at random, and if it is not black or white, set it as the base color. 
   3. Return to top and complete remaining layers in descending order 
      1. If base color is defined, choose an item for this layer that has a similar hue to the base color X
         1. Else, choose an item at random, and if it is not black or white, set it as the base color. 
   4. Go to shoe:
      1. If base color is defined, choose an item for this layer that has a similar hue to the base color X
         1. Else, choose an item at random, and if it is not black or white, set it as the base color.